## New features:

* New metadata: There is now a generic comment field (multiline text) for each patch that also included in the text search result.   
* The metadata now also displays the In synth positions when a patch is known to be part of one or more banks stored in the synth.
* The hex dump of a patch can now be directly shown in the metadata sidebar instead only as part of the patch diff dialog. This is mostly useful for
debugging, therefore you have to click the button to activate it. 

## Synths:

* **Roland MKS-70** the MKS-70V4 (Vecoeven Firmware) adaptation now also supports to load the old formats of the MKS-70 original and 
Super JX-10 banks. The calculation of patches from old banks still is experimental and needs to be verified. Also, changed the parsing logixc
of sysex data now to prefer program dumps over edit buffer dumps, which makes a difference when the edit buffer is a subset of messages 
of a full program dump as it is with most Roland synths.
* \#218 **Waldorf Blofeld** - fixed detection problem. This should now be auto-detectable. We still need Blofeld owners to test and give feedback!

## Bug fixes:

* \#197 Reindexing on changed md5 implementation now can adjust banks and lists
* \#228 Fixed highlighting the current patch also in the bank. 
* \#243 Fixed import item no longer being selected in the tree after import
* Fix quick detect on restart for synths that used sysex device ID outside of the range 0 to 15
* Trying to fix performance problem on Mac when synth bank is highlighting many dirty items and scrolling