# Release Notes - 2.2.0

## New features

* \#204 Add a tab "Recent Patches" to the right side which shows the last clicked patches. This is great during a jam
  session or just when you are clicking around in a non-systematic way in case you want to go back. The log window would
  have shown your previous selections, but in the new view this is easy to click! Finally got around to implement this
  feature I have been wanting for a long time now.
* Changed the PIF (patch interchange format, a simple JSON format that can be used to transport patches from one Orm
  installation to another, or to transfer a set of patches from one database into another one) to indicate that no user
  choice has been made for the favorite selection. This allows to import e.g. patches again with a better name without
  overriding the already persistent user choice in the database. Generally we try to avoid losing precious user data
  like manually assigned categories or favorite markers while still allowing easy copying and reimporting of patches
  also from files and synths.
* Adaptations can now implement the ´friendlyLayerTitles` function to label the layers in the UI e.g. with "Patch",
  "Upper tone", "Lower tone". Implemented this for the MKS-70.

## Synths

* **Groove Synthesis 3rd Wave** Fixed bank select sending and edit buffer conversion for imported programs. The synth
  should now work for full round trips.
* **Roland MKS-70** Plenty of fixes regarding the bitwise conversion of bulk dumps to APR messages, which we use to
  send to edit buffer. This should hopefully allow for bit-correct usage of BLD dumps. Also add the Roland JX-8P code to
  allow the MKS-70 important older banks that are still coded with the JX-8P ID. Further added the new request edit
  buffer capability which is available with the new V4.19 Vecoven firmware.
* **Roland MKS-80** Fix bug occuring if a message had checksum 0
* **Kawai K4** Initial implementation for a subset of its features. Up for testing and feedback!
* **Ensoniq VFX** A quick implementation I made from the docs. If anybody is interested in testing this and giving
  feedback, that would be appreciated!
* **BC Kijimi** Updated the adaptation to our latest version. Ready for further testing!
* **Yamaha Reface DX** - Now supports the magic undocumented store patch functionality - you can finally send a bank to
  the synth and store it without any key presses on the device required!
* **Korg DW-8000** - converted to adaptation, and now supports sending bank dumps that are persisted!

## Bug fixes

* Fixing a crash when opening a database that is newer than the Orm version. This is important in case of changed
  database schema - while we are fully backwards compatible, forward compatibility is not given and the software usually
  refuses to open databases of newer versions (and it should not crash instead).
