## New build and technology:

* \#376 The Mac build got a complete overhaul, and is now a universal binary for both Intel and Apple Silicon Macs, as well 
as being signed and notarized avoiding the override on open, and it contains the Python framework so hopefully the 
Apple Python problems are a thing of the past now. Need more feedback of whether it works on your Mac, it works on mine! 
* Update to C++ 20 means we need at least MacOS 10.11
* Now supporting Ubuntu 24.03
* Major update of 3rd party dependencies, fmt, Gin, nlohmann, JUCE (now on 8.0.3), pybind, spdlog and more.
* Added a Makefile for easy testing of the various build steps on MacOS.

## Synths:

* New adaptation for the **E-mu Morpheus**, thanks to Kid Who for testing this!
* **Ensoniq VFX/VFX-SD** now moved from alpha to works and part of the distribution. Thanks to @dancingdog for testing this!
* New version 0.92 of the **Ensoniq SQ-1** adaptation, thanks to @mostelin!
Removes the need to manually *EXIT* the input buffer between each program load. Now, when a program is loaded the display defaults to programs 1-10 of the Internal bank, and shows the *C* compare message at bottom left. 
By pressing the Compare button, users can switch between the just-loaded program or the previously selected program. The loaded program can be written to any location in the usual manner: press the Write button and then select a location to overwrite.
* **Line 6 POD Series** Adaptation contributed by @milnak!
* Novation Summit pulls wrong bank #375 - fixed bank retrieval on the **Novation Summit**. Thanks to @RadekPilich for reporting!
* \#368 An alpha version for the **Roland V-Drums TD-07**. Thanks to @mslinn for giving the nudge!

## Bug fixes:

* \#343 **Patches showing wrong bank** - import sometimes messed up original program positions, this fix should now work much better to keep the 
original program position at the time of import visible in the properties.
* \#372 **The Visibility bug from issue 242's back** - fixed the Ubuntu build warnings caused by a special feature of gcc 
