This release brings a whole load of new adaptations, some of which are brand new and some have been around but not part of the
official release for a while. If you encounter any problems, just let me know!

## Synths:

* **Roland Juno-DS** - adaptation created by @mslinn, a thousand thanks for developing this from scratch and contributing it!
* \#394 **Moog Voyager** - nicely working adaptation for the classic. Thanks to Thanks to @troach242 for the nudge and test!
* \#395 **Akai AX80** - beta version of the adaptation. Feedback please by owners! Thanks to O.S.R.C. on YT for the nudge! 
* \#396 **Korg M1** - beta version of the adaptation. Feedback please by owners! Thanks to Jentusalentu at YT for the nudge!
* \#398 **Waldorf M** - alpha version of the adaptation. Thanks to @RadekPilich for testing!
* \#397 **Elektron Analog Rytm** -- beta version. Thanks to @RadekPilich for the request!
* **Elektron Digitone** -- alpha version, as it looked very similar to the Analog Rytm. This needs more work, owners please provide feedback so we can complete it.
* \#244 **Waldorf Pulse** alpha, this needs some more work and investigation. Thanks to @markusschlosser and chatGPT for the groundwork.
* **Sequential Trigon-6** beta, this should be relatively straightforward as the Sequential synths all behave well.
* **Oberheim Teo-5** beta, this is a newer synth and probably close to the Take-5 in terms of MIDI.
* **Oberheim OB-X8** beta, this is now based on the generic Sequential module. Fingers crossed this works!

## Bug fixes:

* Fixed \#388: Switching the database would not clear the right hand side panels for current patch, bank, and patch history.
