## Features:

* **\#383** Adding two new metadata fields for each patch, Author and Info. There is a new display mode that shows the author as
subtitle in the grid. The Info field is a generic single line metadata field. Both fields are searchable via the text search. 
Thanks to @RadekPilich for the suggestion!
* **\#427** Right click or shift/modifier click on any category or filter button will not automatically turn off the other filters already set,
this allows for faster swichting e.g. between Lead and Pad, without having to deactivate the previously selected category. The same
works when assigning a catageory to the currently selected patch in the side bar. I like this so much I might make it the default!
Again, also a suggestion from @RadekPilich! 
* **\#389** Removed the special case of the user list save to database button. Now, any change is immediately persisted to the database,
and there is no undo much like in the rest of the system.

## Synths:

* **\#73** First alpha version for the Yamaha FS1R. Thanks to @markusschlosser for relentless testing!
* **\#244** Waldorf Pulse adaptation now confirmed to work by @markusschlosser. Thanks again!
* **\#428** Fixed tag import for the Generic Roland module, preventing tag import e.g. for JV-2080 to work. Thanks to @ivruebj for finding it
and providing the fix!
* **\#420** Added 4 Addons banks to the Prophet X adaptation. Thanks to @Walleye-Sencza for pointing this out!
* **\#429** Applied fix for Korg M1 detection supplied by @Philippe593, thanks for this!

## Bug fixes:

* **\#386** Fixed deleting patches which were part of a synth bank via the menu. This did throw an error message and would just refuse
to delete the patches. This new version allows to delete the patches also if they are part of a user list via the Edit... Delete... menu item -
if a patch is part of a bank though it is hidden not and not deleted, as the bank structure needs to remain intact. Thanks to @RadekPilich for reporting!
* **\#425** Fixed text message on import that was confusing. Thanks @markusschlosser!
* Patch button in current patch side bar did not show color anymore. Fixed. 
 
