## Features:

* **\#484** Added a new bank fill mode - From active patch - which will create a new bank filling it up with patches from the visible grid starting at the currently
selected patch. If that is not visible, will fallback to fill from first element.
* Switch Mac builds to build on Mac OS 14 on ARM architecture (still fat binary also including Intel chip support) becasue the Mac OS 13 builders are being retired by github

## Synths:

* **\#304** Experimental adaptation for the Behringer Pro 800. Sending to the synth is slow, this could benefit from sending the patch as a CC flood instead of real program dumps, which go into flash memory immediately.

## Bug fixes:

* Fixed crash of the software when encountering a database with a schema that is too new for it. Works only for this version and even newer databases, 
old versions will crash and you need to edit the settings file to prevent the software from opening the wrong file again on the next launch.
* **\#485**, the MIDI Input Device and the Fixed Synth name on the Macros page were wrongly persisted in the settings file.
* **\#482** Increased the length of patch names to max 50 from max 20 before. Note that if the synth implements renamePatch(), the name entered by the 
user will be run through renamePatch() and then nameFromDump(), so the name can only be something that can actually be stored in the synth. This includes limitations to character set and length.
* **\#474** Address delete bug throwing a SQL exception on ambiguous column name. 